International League Playoffs
May 19 - 28
The three International Leagues will commence their respective playoffs in late May. Pacific League playoffs will begin first on May 19th, and EMEA and Americas Playoffs will begin on May 23rd. Results here will be critically important, as the top three teams from each league will qualify for both Masters Tokyo and Champions Los Angeles. The exception is EMEA, who as a result of fielding 4 teams at Masters Tokyo will qualify the teams that finish within the top 3.
Masters Tokyo
June 11 - 25
Masters Tokyo will feature the top three representatives from each league as well as two teams from China. As a result of FNATIC’s win at LOCK//IN, EMEA earned an extra slot at the tournament and will be sending a fourth team. The team that emerges victorious will be declared the Masters Tokyo Champion and earn their region a fifth slot at Champions.
Challengers Ascension
June 28 - July 16
Immediately after the conclusion of Masters, fans can look forward to the start of Challengers Ascension. More than twenty Challengers Leagues have been underway across the world in 2023, narrowing down hundreds of teams to the very best. Each of the three Ascension tournaments will promote one team each into the international leagues for 2023. We’ll be sharing detailed information about the Ascension tournaments in the coming weeks.
Champions CN Qualifiers
July 3 - 16
Twelve teams from China will compete through the Champions CN Qualifiers to determine the region’s strongest contenders. The top three teams to emerge from the tournament will earn their shot at Champions.
Last Chance Qualifier
July 15 - 23
The Last Chance Qualifier is the final opportunity for teams in the international leagues to claim a spot at Champions. Each of the ILs will qualify a fourth team through the LCQs, except for the region who won Masters who will qualify two teams.
Champions Los Angeles
August 6 - 26
All roads lead to Champions - the biggest event of the 2023 VALORANT Champions Tour. The tournament will feature 16 teams who will converge in Los Angeles to fight for the Champions title. We have a lot in store for Champions with more details coming soon.